chore: guide identity brokering (#1565)
caos/zitadel: site/docs/guide-identity-brokering/00-guide-identity-brokering.md

Example:
If Google is configured as identity provider on your organization, the user will get the option to use his Google Account on the Login Screen of ZITADEL (1).
ZITADEL will redirect the user to the login screen of Google where he as to authenticated himself (2) and is sent back after he has finished that (3). 
Because Google is registered as trusted identity provider the user will be able to login in with the Google account after he linked an existing ZITADEL Account or just registered a new one with the claims provided by Google (4)(5).

<figure itemprop="associatedMedia" itemscope itemtype="http://schema.org/ImageObject">
    <a href="img/zitadel_identity_brokering.png" itemprop="contentUrl" data-size="1920x1080">
        <img src="img/zitadel_identity_brokering.png" itemprop="thumbnail" alt="Zitadel Identity Brokering" />
    </a>
    <figcaption itemprop="caption description">Identity Brokering</figcaption>
</figure>

### Exercise: Register an external identity provider

In this exercise we will add a new Google identity provider to federate identities with ZITADEL. 

> #### 1. Create new oAuth Client
> 
> 1. Register an OAuth Client in your preferred provider
> 2. Make sure you add the ZITADEL callback redirect uris
>    https://accounts.zitadel.ch/register/externalidp/callback
>    https://accounts.zitadel.ch/login/externalidp/callback
> 
> > **Information:** Make sure the provider is oAuth 2.0 compliant

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### 1. Create new OIDC Client

1. Register an OIDC Client in your preferred provider
2. Make sure you add the ZITADEL callback redirect uris
   https://accounts.zitadel.ch/register/externalidp/callback
   https://accounts.zitadel.ch/login/externalidp/callback

> **Information:** Make sure the provider is OIDC 1.0 compliant with a proper Discovery Endpoint
```

Reviewer: and i think it would help to either list the urls as entries or have them in a code block (```)
